# Specification

A program that enables users to split expenses with one another in groups and set budgets. The program will also allow users to set budgets and create groups. There are two kinds of users: users that have an account, and users that do not have an account. Every user has a balance, a name, an email address, and a mapping from other users to the amounts of money owed by this user to the other users. Only users that have an account have a unique identifier and a profile that they can edit and can create a group. Users without an account are placeholder user objects that users with accounts can create in order to track expenses incurred by people who do not have an account. Users also have budgets, which represent the amount of money a user is willing to spend on certain areas of their life. An example of this would be a grocery budget which would be a type of budget. This grocery budget for a certain time period (such as a month) would contain information such as the maximum one can spend on vegetables, the maximum one could spend on meats, etc which would reset every time period (every month).

Groups organize users so that users can share expenses with others in the group. Each expense is associated with a cost, date, a mapping between users and the amounts of money owed by those users, and notes. Each group is associated with a list of users and a list of expenses associated with the group. Each group is made up of at least one user with an account. A user with an account can add another user with an account to a group. Any user in a group that has an account can remove itself or any other user from the group and add an expense to the group. Users with accounts can add users without accounts to the group as placeholders representing people without an account to account for amounts of money owed by those people. Any user in a group that does not have an account cannot add expenses to or remove any user, including itself, from a group.
